Hi there! This is the solution to exercise 13. For this exercise you were asked to create a script that
converts all items of these selected to range to strings.
So the expected output would be this one down here in the terminal and you know I did this in one line.
The key function
here is the map function.
So this is a built in Python function.
What it does is it applies is a function to an iterable object.
So my range is an object where you can't iterate. So this function
it goes to all the items of my range and it applies the string function. As you know the string function
is a function that converts numbers to strings.
So if you do a str brackets and inside brackets you pass one you get a string of one like this one
here.
And yeah, then I converted this map object to a list and then I printed out the list which is this one in here.
Thanks.
If you have questions feel free to ask them.
See you later.